When Robert Peralla was a wee lad,
he began having visitations and seeing dead people.
Much like in the movie The Sixth Sense.
These were scary events for him.
But as he matured into his adult years,
he began to understand a much deeper context
for these experiences.
This hurdled him into a lifelong search
for the truth behind extraterrestrial presence.
He has since authored a book titled "The Divine Architect"
and has been featured on CNN, Coast to Coast,
and other networks because of the unique quality
of his clairvoyance.
Particularly around his broad understanding
of this phenomena.
(gentle music)
Robert, you have a very rich
and deep history in the subject
of studying extraterrestrial phenomena,
and other phenomena as well.
I want to get into your broad overview of
where this whole movement toward,
ultimately I suppose,
disclosure or contact of some kind,
has gone over the last few decades.
First, let's talk about
how you ended up here.
How'd you begin this journey?
Interestingly enough,
when I was about 7 years old,
for some reason,
I had the ability to see apparitions.
These are men and women like you and I
who've simply benefitted from greater time
and greater knowledge.
At one time, I believe they probably lived here,
even on Earth,
and had gone through the natural cycle
of being in the physical world like we do,
finished out their cycle
and then returned back to source.
Many of them reappear
into their reality here
and see what they left.
You might say that,
just because you've died,
doesn't mean you're exempt from
the things that you've created.
Therefore, you see things through.
The parents who have died
see their children actually grow up.
They see various family members become accomplished,
or maybe not accomplished,
but they oversee that.
It's the natural process
that we're being fully connected,
whether you're in the physical world or not.
This started at a very young age with you?
Yeah. I was about 7 years old
and I told my mom that there were,
what they call full-torso,
semiatheric apparitions.
These are just what they might call ghosts.
People like you and I,
that just don't have a physical body,
but still retain the form.
At first we didn't know what it was.
My mother was fascinated by it.
She was looking at it and thinking,
"Well, we have a little clairvoyance in the family."
That turned out to be true,
didn't it?
It did but from her standing-point,
I said,
"How do you feel about that?"
She said,
"We're going to be rich."
(laughs)
Because she thought ...
Oh, you were going to become a sideshow.
She thought I would become her sideshow.
But in fact,
it was a phenomena.
You have to remember,
this was the early 60's. 66.
People in those days really didn't know
about this kind of stuff.
We just knew it was a phenomena that existed.
Even I had report cards coming home
from teachers that actually wrote on the back,
"Robert says he sees people standing behind people."
And says,
"This disturbs the class."
The movie "The Sixth Sense" came out in 1999.
That was at the peak of
when my first book,
"The Divine Blueprint" came out.
That's what spawned that idea of,
I wasn't compared
completely to the boy,
but the media picked up on it
because I could see what they call "dead people".
Right.
Interestingly enough,
they're actually more alive than we are.
We're actually the dead ones
and they're the ones that are more alive.
Interesting. Okay.
I guess we could talk for hours about that.
Let's progress into the whole subject
of extraterrestrials,
all planet civilizations,
and how you became plugged into this
because you're not that old
and you've been plugged in a really long time.
Yeah.
In 1977,
I had what was termed at that time,
because of the movie,
also coining the phrase,
a close encounter.
Yes.
A close encounter
with something very unusual.
I was in the California, Nevada border.
This is in the area of ...
Lake Tahoe.
What's called "Heavenly Valley"
of all things, right?
Yes. I used to live at the lake.
Oh, great.
Beautiful place.
In the middle of the night,
mysteriously out of nothing,
literally materialized what looked like
three 8 1/2 foot tall cosmonauts
of some kind in an arching storm.
Suddenly I was startled awake
at what sounded like a freight train,
almost, going through the living room.
Suddenly, three of these things
literally beamed into the house.
The mind really doesn't have room for that.
Your mind really doesn't have room for that.
I wasn't asking,
"What is this?"
No. I was
in complete utter state of shock.
In fact, you're almost frozen in this state
where the only thing you can hear is just your conciousness
but your body is actually frozen somehow.
Yes.
There's this inner person inside me screaming
and looking at these things,
not knowing what it was.
It creates such an incoherence.
There's no way to respond.
It's like a paralasis sometimes.
It's a paralysis and there's no negotiation with it.
You're just going to go along with whatever this is.
Somehow they had the ability
to open up the side of the house,
in what looked like a swirling,
multicolored vortex of some sort.
It's a bit like Jodie Foster
in the movie "Contact".
Yes.
I remember that scene.
Where you see this
tunnel open up
and suddenly you're hurling through it at hundreds,
it felt like thousands of miles an hour
and it burned very badly.
The next thing I knew I was standing
in some kind of dimly lit room.
All I could hear were voices in the room
that didn't sound anything like I'd ever heard.
No sense of English
or a language I've ever heard before.
Interfaced with some kind of glass-like object
and then went back through the tunnel vortex
and then was lowered back down to my bed.
Then these mysterious visitors,
they looked like cosmonauts of some sort.
Silver space suits,
a visor across the face,
like an orange antenna.
Then suddenly this disappears
and I was in a state of shock
for about three hours probably.
Pulled myself out of bed,
went to the bathroom,
pulled myself up on to the bathroom sink
and turned on the light.
I was completely sunburned from head to toe.
I was soaked in,
like a honey or an oil material.
I had two black eyes.
Probably from state of shock.
My hair was matted back
and I was literally soaked in something.
I had no idea what it was.
The next three months,
I locked myself in my apartment
and I didn't speak about it to anybody
because I didn't understand what it was.
Were you frightened?
I was--
Or just perplexed?
terrified at first.
I was terrified because I didn't know
anything like that existed.
I didn't know what it was.
Eventually,
as I started to examine it closer,
I started to just get interested in metaphysical matters.
Knowing that I had seen apparitions
when I was a child
and knowing I had a family,
a mother that was very interested in metaphysics.
Later on, people like Shirey MacLaine who,
way showers. Et cetera. Et cetera.
I found that this is some kind of close encounter
with something very unusual.
In fact, I thought
maybe angels come in space suits.
When you were going through
this experience when you were taken into this room,
and heard the voices,
were you frightened
or were you in a state of dissorientation
or paralysis on some level?
All of the above.
I threw up over the side of the bed
when it first happened.
Some of me was trembling,
almost uncontrollably.
Then it was almost like,
you know how your mind has a flashed image?
Where I can still see it happening.
Almost as though you're having
a flashback of some sort.
There also was something very unusual
that I couldn't explain.
That was that,
when I closed my eyes for about the first hour,
I seem to be able to see around the room.
All the way around,
even through the back of my head.
In the 360 panaramic view.
Your senses were opened up a wee bit?
Yeah. I had no idea what this was.
I closed my eyes and I could see behind me,
and I thought,
"Is this what insanity feels like?"
Or expanded awareness.
Yes.
Something changed me forever that night.
I didn't know that,
at that point,
it would lead me to a 30 year reasearch
into the esoteric,
the mystery schools,
all the phenomenal aspects of the human experience.
UFO's, angels.
It certainly sounds like
it was an invitation.
After you locked yourself away for three months,
what did you do?
I had first run into a magazine in a book store
called "UFO Magazine."
It was still existing back then.
Right.
To my astonishment,
and I can actually show you the photograph too.
I don't have it here right now.
Perhaps we can show it at some time.
To my astonishment,
I opened up the magazine
and there was a photo of one of them.
You fall over when you see something like that.
"Oh, my God.
"Somebody has a photo of this.
"That's impossible."
What was it?
It shows a black and white photo
of what looks like a cosmonaut of some sort.
Silver space suit that's illumined.
Almost like mittens and the visor.
You see what was left of a little bit antenna.
You're only seeing about 10% about what's there.
It was shot by a guy named Jeff Greenhaw in 1973.
He was a police officer in Falkville, Alabama.
He took a couple of photos of the same thing.
When I saw it, I thought,
"That's impossible.
"I know the shape,
"I know the image."
The flashes of blue lightning that came off the suit,
the multicolored fantastic ora that it presented
almost as though the sun had touched down
in the middle of the night.
That wasn't devident because the photo's so washed out
but the shape was unmistakable.
Okay. Now,
you've had a little bit of validation.
What did that launch you to,
in terms of your investigations?
Because you know all these people here
and have for many years.
Yeah. I know the UFO community very well.
Very lovely friends.
They've been my mentors and my teachers,
as well.
I ran into a woman...
I first read a book by Brad Steiger called Alien Meetings.
I took it home and I read it from cover to cover,
until all of a sudden,
I saw a chapter in there
called "Angels in Space Suits."
There I read a story
of a woman named Clarissa Bernhardt who,
at the time was known as the Earthquake Lady.
She had made many predictions.
She was a clairvoyant.
I read her story and she described
three mysterious, silver cosmonauts,
about 8 1/2 foot tall.
(laughs)
I'm reading this,
and she's based in San Jose,
I thought,
"Incredible!"
I called her.
I spoke to her husband for two hours
and he said,
"You're one of the only ones
"that have ever phoned here
"that said you've seen this exact same thing.
"Let me give you an appointment,
"tomorrow afternoon with her.
"Clarissa, I'm sure,
"wants to meet you right away."
Because there were very few people that had ever seen it.
What happened at this meeting?
What came out of this?
Obviously, you had your validation
that you weren't insane.
No.
Let me ask you a question.
The experience you had,
is that what you would refer to,
or another person might refer to,
as an abduction or contact?
I would say it would be both.
I don't usually,
in my own lectures,
like to use the word "abduction."
Although, I think that that definitely exists for people.
I think these grey characters,
that people claim they see,
have taken them against their will,
I'd call that abduction.
Just like we it have here with people.
How do you differentiate
between that and what happened with you?
I don't know that you can.
Aside the fact
that nothing terrible happened when you went.
Obviously, you weren't prodded.
I don't know that you can really say,
for sure, what it was.
Ultimately,
it turns out to be a very good experience.
Yes. Okay.
You know, that has changed and gone in directions
that I never thought possible.
That's a nice thing.
Has it happened since?
Never saw them again.
That was your invitation,
your opening?
You know, Regina,
as much as something like that makes an indellable imprint
in your memory,
I've never had one dream about them since.
I have never
had any sensation of them whatsoever.
Since then,
I've seen many, many, many other things.
Yes. I see other people standing behind people
on a regular basis.
I don't consider myself an extraordinary clairvoyant.
I don't do readings for people.
I don't sell myself as a messenger.
Although, I know,
yes, some people might use that term.
I like to think of myself as a spiritual reporter
who has just been prodded or moved
to find important aspects that effect us all.
Let's do the historical overview
from this, then,
bceause you have quite a broad perspective
of the whole movement of the revelation
that there's more than meets the eye.
From UFO congresses way back,
a decade or two back,
which is before most people here
had ever even heard of such a thing.
Right.
What have you seen as the progression
of the way this subject has been treated
and is being unveiled to the public through the years?
Are there patterns,
like a sine wave of some kind,
that you've seen?
Yeah. Interestingly enough,
over the last 25 years,
first it was nuts and bolts.
It was UFO expos.
In fact, I go back to,
as I said to Robert Dean--
Yeah.
there 25 years ago. More.
30 years ago. 1978.
It was all about the phenomena of the craft.
Then, eventually,
as we recorded more information,
when the community recorded more information,
it started getting into the nature of the contact
and the dynamics of the contact.
We started seeing similarity.
Then the consciousness movement started to come in.
This would be really an explosion
that probably happened around '87
in what was called a Harmonic Convergence.
Suddenly, you see the publishing industry flourish
with deeper reports about the concious awareness movements
and more of the psychic and metaphysical.
The mysticical and the clairvoyant aspects started
to take a real hold.
Of contact and such?
Of contact--
Yes.
and that it became more like
you could study the nuts and bolts of the phenomena
or you could also listen to the information
that might have been imparted by the encounter.
That became fascinating and then moved
into more of the channeled material.
Channeled material has existed
long before--
Right.
Alice Bailey.
Right. Right.
Long before all of these--
Since we've been here.
others. Yeah. So it's been here.
It's seemed to have taken a hold more.
Something we know as having at a concious level
where more and more people are actually
having more direct contact.
Then there's this feeling that it's part of the evolution
that maybe some of us are slowly being integrated.
Or there's almost like a blend that is happening.
Is this what's happening in the 2000's now?
That you're saying since 2000?
Yeah. Very much so.
That there's more of a blend?
There's a definite bleed-through and a blend where,
well you remember in the old days
they would reunite the person who was lost
from their mother 13 years ago
and they would reunite them--
Yeah.
on the major television--
shows with an audience cheering them on
that they finally got together.
Yeah.
Now we have guys,
a wonderful friend like John Edward,
and everything, who now reunites the dead mother
of 13 years ago.
Yes. Yes.
Who then,
"Guess what?
"She's here today and she's coming through me."
That's accepted in the mainstream media
that talking to the dead,
meeting extraterrestrials,
angelic visitations,
telepathic information,
wisdom being brought through
seems to become more acceptable.
I think we may be moving towards--
It's moved more from technology
to consciousness?
Yeah. Consciousness and not only that.
That we're becoming,
somewhat of a telepathic society.
Maybe the Sanskrit was right after all.
Even the Bible had made references
about the merging of Heaven and Earth.
Maybe these things are starting
to really take hold now.
You can see this really unfolding.
You can.
You've been talking with Bob Dean.
You can see the real merging
of the conciousness.
As he says,
the theological implications of this
are what fascinate him,
for example.
We're all under some larger influence.
No matter whether you're extraterrestiral off-planet
or third dimensional in nature,
right?
It does seem that a lot more of that kind of information
is popping through.
Now, you have your own vision,
internal vision,
on a lot of this.
Let's talk about where,
what you're seeing as a progression,
through your own internal lens now for humanity.
For thousands of years,
that's been talked about that Heaven would merge with Earth.
The dead would rise and the angels would return.
That the wheat would be separated from the chaff.
These are things we've been hearing about in the Bible.
Maybe they're symbolic references
that the darker aspect of our experience
is beginning to be separated away.
You see this devision,
this balance,
this separation is beginning to happen.
The lighter wisdom aspect
is becoming even increased exponentially for some.
While the darker aspects of our experience are even,
they're becoming more darker.
Hence, you see in North America
that it's very divided on how it feels
about it's directives.
The war in Iraq,
the war in the Middle East becomes more heated
and intenstive as they hold to exisiting belief systems
that may not serve them.
Such as the Old World is holding people back,
to a certain degree,
with belief systems that are not serving.
Women's rights. This kind of thing.
Believing that the future is supposed to unfold
and is already written in a very certain way.
Whereas, all of a sudden,
you also see the New Age movement being birthed.
You see this, actually,
in 1967 when the Beatles
went to see Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.
Right.
I've had the pleasure to briefly meet Paul McCartney
and listen to what he was saying about the fact
that that summer was the birth,
even though it's called The Flower Power Era,
The Summer of Love.
If you look at that today,
you take that out 30 years,
and you actually see that that birthed ifself
into what's, today,
called The New Age Movement.
Or the--
Yes.
the allowance that we can have mudras, mantras,
metaphysics, mystisisim
cosmic consciousness that we can embrace it all.
Whether it be Hinduism,
Buddhism, Christianity,
that maybe they're all parts to the puzzle
rather than any one of them
having a real copyright on the absolute.
From where you sit,
with what you've seen happen,
this weekend for example,
with all these presenters,
what are you seeing as the great opportunity here now?
Bringing everyone together in this Bay Area UFO Expo.
Yeah.
We started this 10 years ago
and it started out one way with a very nuts and bolts thing.
Then we saw that the public was coming out
and asking deeper questions.
Also, it was a ground where people would come out
and sort of come out of the closet,
so to speak.
The thing is,
we're living in a society that's largely sleeping.
The media makes fun of it.
Now the media is just starting to treat us
a little more legitimate.
I notice that they're bringing us
into some of the major networks
and everything.
They treat us with a little more respect.
The other ones are still going to come out
and make fun.
The tin hats and the alien key chains. (laughs)
Yeah. There's plenty of that paraphernalia here.
There's a lot of that. The carnival aspect.
Yeah.
Now there's a large part
that is taking it very, very seriously.
People are coming through with some startling information
about the cosmological balance and change
that is happening to us.
That we're all being caught up in.
I believe,
first of all before anything else,
you will see extraterrestrials well in your lifetime.
Every person here
has said they feel absolutely confident
that this contact is going to take place relatively soon.
That can be anything from a month from now
to ten years or 20 years from now.
That seems to be a widely held belief.
A lot of people want to believe that,
in the winter solstice of 2012 is where it happens.
I think that's a brave point,
in the Myan Calendar,
that could very well ...
I don't think that there's going to be a,
necessarily right away,
an overwhelming definitive change.
In the sense that,
I don't believe in the mass landing theory.
I don't think that aliens will land,
necessarily, on any governmental lawn.
Right.
In North America, Canada, the UK.
I do belive that it's a slow integration process
that seems to be unfolding on a conscious level.
Also in nature level,
which the crop circles are showing us on many levels.
It's a blend where some people ...
it's almost as though the two worlds have suddenly,
somewhat, merged.
Some will get it and pick up the information
and be moved forward.
Others won't have a clue.
They'll deny anything that is happening
and it'll be a very funny time to live in.
Because what I think is happening is
some of us are getting the information
and learning to grow into it slowly,
like nature.
Flowers don't grow overnight.
Plants don't grow overnight.
They grow naturally with the expodential energies
that are brought in
and it finds it's own natural path.
Same with our bodies,
cellular structure, DNA,
and conscious awareness level
to merge with it a little bit.
I think it'll be a very interesting time
to see the next,
certainly the next three years.
Any final comments about
what you feel is most hopeful
from what you've observed here,
this go around?
I'm an optimist.
Regina, I'm eternally an optimist.
My comments would be
to embrace this experience fully.
Embrace your relationship mastery with your relationships.
Embrace your emotional mastery.
Embrace your purpose life.
Become to point.
Come to a point within
where you realize you're really,
somewhat of a servant on the planet,
but you're here to embrace your leadership.
To live life passionately to it's fullest.
Absolutely.
There's a lot of people sleeping.
For those that listen to people,
like Conscious Media Network,
which I'm a big fan of,
of course.
I would say afford yourself the opportunity
to be part of the way showers,
the transition team.
The ones that make the difference.
That is what love is based in.
That, I feel,
is a large ingredient of what love makes up.
How we can change, transform lives
and cause life and living to flourish in a great way.
Don't get sidetracked by all the other drama.
Your true nature is the one of love.
On that,
thank you very much for your time.
Thank you, Regina, for having me.
You can pick up a copy of Robert's books,
"The Divine Blueprint",
or "The Divine Architects",
at Amazon or other major book sellers.
Meanwhile, we have lots more information
on the growing field of Ufology.
You might want to begin by watching our interviews
with Robert Dean,
Stephen Basset,
Richard Hoagland and Michael Berra.
Until next time,
thanks for watching CMN.
(calm music)